These translations were created on www.deepl.com as an aid to users who do not read English easily. Please send corrections to manual@mxlinux.org

Ces traductions ont été créées sur www.deepl.com pour aider les utilisateurs qui ne lisent pas facilement l'anglais. Veuillez envoyer les corrections à manual@mxlinux.org

Diese Übersetzungen wurden auf www.deepl.com als Hilfe für Benutzer erstellt, die Englisch nicht so leicht lesen können. Bitte senden Sie Korrekturen an manual@mxlinux.org.

Estas traducciones fueron creadas en www.deepl.com como una ayuda para los usuarios que no leen el inglés con facilidad. Por favor, envíe las correcciones a manual@mxlinux.org

Estas traduções foram criadas em www.deepl.com como uma ajuda aos utilizadores que não lêem inglês facilmente. Por favor, envie correções para manual@mxlinux.org

Queste traduzioni sono state create su www.deepl.com come aiuto per gli utenti che non leggono facilmente l'inglese. Si prega di inviare le correzioni a manual@mxlinux.org

Deze vertalingen op www.deepl.com gemaakt als hulpmiddel voor gebruikers die het Engels niet gemakkelijk lezen. Gelieve correcties te sturen naar manual@mxlinux.org

Tłumaczenia te zostały stworzone na www.deepl.com jako pomoc dla użytkowników, którzy nie czytają łatwo języka angielskiego. Prosimy o przesyłanie poprawek na adres manual@mxlinux.org.

эти переводы были созданы на сайте www.deepl.com в качестве подспорья для пользователей, которым нелегко читать по-английски. Пожалуйста, присылайте исправления по адресу manual@mxlinux.org.

これらの翻訳は、英語が簡単に読めないユーザーのために www.deepl.com で作成されました。修正は manual@mxlinux.org までお願いします。

这些翻译是在www.deepl.com，作为对不容易阅读英语的用户的一种帮助。请将更正内容发送到 manual@mxlinux.org

Disse oversættelser blev oprettet på www.deepl.com som en hjælp til brugere, der ikke har let ved at læse engelsk. Korrektioner bedes sendt til manual@mxlinux.org

Αυτές οι μεταφράσεις δημιουργήθηκαν στη διεύθυνση www.deepl.com ως βοήθημα για τους χρήστες που δεν διαβάζουν εύκολα αγγλικά. Παρακαλούμε στείλτε διορθώσεις στο manual@mxlinux.org

Dessa översättningar har skapats på www.deepl.com för att underlätta för användare som inte har lätt för att läsa engelska. Vänligen skicka korrigeringar till manual@mxlinux.org
